Core Mode followup (#13292)
trezor/trezor-suite: packages/connect-explorer/src/pages/methods/other/init.mdx

        'default `false`. Postpone iframe creation until TrezorConnect is called for the first time.',
    popup: 'default `true`. Projects running on trusted domains (trezor.io) are not required to use popup. For other domains this option is ignored.',
    transports:
        'Array of transports that should be use. If not provided, TrezorConnect will choose a reasonable default based on your environment.',
    coreMode:

>         'default `auto`. In `iframe` mode, the Connect core is loaded inside an iframe injected into the page. If set to `popup`, TrezorConnect will avoid using the iframe, instead loading the core in popup. The advantage is that popup enables WebUSB to work cross-origin on the web. The disadvantage is that popup does not retain a stateful connection to the device, which can be a problem for some use-cases. If set to `auto` TrezorConnect will automatically use `iframe` if bridge is available, `popup` otherwise.',

Author: @mroz22 @Hannsek new text

Reviewer: > which can be a problem for some use-cases

Which problems exactly? 🤔

Author: For example when you want to receive events about the device

Reviewer: I tried suggested some text here:
https://github.com/trezor/trezor-suite/pull/13292#discussion_r1677783635

Reviewer: I'd specify these things that won't be available when using `popup` mode.

Author: Ok I will update it based on your suggestion

Reviewer: But please add there some warning that _some_ things won't be available so it is crystal clear. :)

>     popup: 'default `true`. Projects running on trusted domains (trezor.io) are not required to use popup. For other domains this option is ignored.',

Reviewer: Do we have to mention if it is not available for any external developers?

Author: It's better to have it documented regardless imo

    transports:

>         'Array of transports that should be use. If not provided, TrezorConnect will chose a reasonable default based on your environment.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'Array of transports that should be use. If not provided, TrezorConnect will choose a reasonable default based on your environment.',
```

    coreMode:

>         'default `iframe`. If set to `popup`, TrezorConnect will use popup for interaction with user. The advantage is that popup enables WebUSB to work cross-origin on the web. The disadvantage is that popup does not retain a stateful connection to the device, which can be a problem for some use-cases. If set to `auto` TrezorConnect will use iframe only if bridge is available.',

Reviewer 2: maybe @Hannsek check on this. "will use popup for interaction with user" feels somewhat misleading to me, it will use popup regardless of the mode. The rests sounds good to me.

Author: I just updated the text slightly

Reviewer: I think that the naming "popup" itself is misleading a bit. If we won't change the naming I'd do something like:

If set to `popup`, webUSB transport would work cross-origin on the web. The disadvantage of this mode is that Connect popup does not retain a stateful connection to the device. 

If set to `auto`, TrezorConnect will use iframe with persistent connection for the communication between popup and 3rd party wallet only if nodeBridge is available.

};

## Init

Initiate TrezorConnect. It is important to set the manifest object with your email and appUrl, otherwise TrezorConnect methods won't be available.

> It is also possible to customize more advanced options for TrezorConnect.

Reviewer 2: I would mention why we need this. Could @Hannsek step in please?

Reviewer: something like this:

```suggestion
To initiate TrezorConnect, please provide the manifest object with your email and appURL. This is crucial for us to identify your use of TrezorConnect and to contact you if necessary.
If the manifest object is not set, TrezorConnect methods will not be available.

It is also possible to customize more advanced options for TrezorConnect.
```
